1.) create a component that has two buttons.
One button will be disabled by default.
When either button is clicked, the other will 
become enabled and the button that was just clicked 
will become disabled.




Change the app.component
so that when a hero is selected,
it is displayed as the "Hero Selected"
and is not shown in the #heroes div


1.) Create a component that displays a 10 by 10 grid 
where each grid cell is a solid color.
There will be 10 possible colors for each grid cell.
Black, white, gray,
red, green, blue, 
cyan, magenta, yellow, and pink

Use a 2D array of numbers as the model. Each index of the 
2D array will be a random number 0-9. Each number
will determine the color that will be in the cell on your 
component.

If two cells are touching (not diagonally), then use the 
border style property to draw an outline between all 
connected cells of the same color. The border cannot
be drawn inbetween two cells of the same color (therefore
partitioning them)

2.) Create MineSweeper

The rules of minesweeper:
easy, medium, and hard settings have a different number 
of randomly placed bombs on differently sized grids. 

All positions of the grid playing area are hidden at the 
start of the game. When the player clicks on any cell,
the cell will be revealed. If the cell contains a bomb, 
then the player loses. If the space does not contain a bomb,
then play continues. Once all spaces are cleared leaving 
only bomb spaces remaining, then the player wins.

If a space does not have a bomb, but borders a bomb in 
any of its 8 neighboring cells, then that cell will 
contain a number. When that cell is revealed, the number 
will display the total number of bombs in all 8 neighboring
cells.

If a space has no neighboring bombs, then when it is revealed,
all neighboring cells will also be revealed.

The player may right click a cell to place a flag on that space.
The flag may be used by the player to mark a bomb space or a 
potential bomb space for later reference.

Easy:    8 x 10 - 10 bombs
Med:    14 x 18 - 40 bombs
Hard:   20 x 24 - 99 bombs

possible html/css tricks. Maybe try grid or table
